README.md, before:

Author : Shantanu Jalkote<br>
Version --v1.0

# The ***Anime*** Wiki.
This project contains the complete Front-end and Back-end to create a Search Engine that parses through the Jikan Api to find search result for the anime name and its corresponding image and also links it to MAL page of that anime.

## Requirements
- JavaScript
- Nodejs
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
- React
- Rest api
- [Jinkan Api](https://jikan.moe/)
- npm

## Jinkan Api

Jikan is a REST API for [MyAnimeList.net](https://myanimelist.net/). It scrapes the website to satisfy the need for API functionality that MyAnimeList.net lacks.

The raison d'être of Jikan is to assist developers easily get the data they need for their apps and projects without having to depend on unstable APIs, or sidetracking their projects to develop parsers.

The word Jikan literally translates to Time in Japanese (時間). And that's what this API saves you of. ;)

Notice: Jikan REST API does not support authenticated requests. You can not update your lists. Use the official MyAnimeList API for this!

## Sass
Sass makes CSS fun again. Sass is an extension of CSS, adding nested rules, variables, mixins, selector inheritance, and more. It's translated to well-formatted, standard CSS using the command line tool or a plugin for your build system.

## Upcoming Changes
- Improved UI.
- Featured Anime Section For Starting Page.
- Charecters Wiki.
- Suggestions in Search Bar.

Commit message:

Search section added in Readme.md

README.md, after:

Author : Shantanu Jalkote<br>
Version --v1.0

# The ***Anime*** Wiki.
This project contains the complete Front-end and Back-end to create a Search Engine that parses through the Jikan Api to find search result for the anime name and its corresponding image and also links it to MAL page of that anime.

## Requirements
- JavaScript
- Nodejs
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
- React
- Rest api
- [Jinkan Api](https://jikan.moe/)
- npm

## Jinkan Api

Jikan is a REST API for [MyAnimeList.net](https://myanimelist.net/). It scrapes the website to satisfy the need for API functionality that MyAnimeList.net lacks.

The raison d'être of Jikan is to assist developers easily get the data they need for their apps and projects without having to depend on unstable APIs, or sidetracking their projects to develop parsers.

The word Jikan literally translates to Time in Japanese (時間). And that's what this API saves you of. ;)

Notice: Jikan REST API does not support authenticated requests. You can not update your lists. Use the official MyAnimeList API for this!

## Sass
Sass makes CSS fun again. Sass is an extension of CSS, adding nested rules, variables, mixins, selector inheritance, and more. It's translated to well-formatted, standard CSS using the command line tool or a plugin for your build system.

## Search
- The Search function can search for both the English as well as the Japanese name of the anime with the help of Jinkan Api and provide the respective Result as in the [MyAnimeList.net](https://myanimelist.net/) website.
- Suggestions will be added in the next version

## Upcoming Changes
- Improved UI.
- Featured Anime Section For Starting Page.
- Charecters Wiki.
- Suggestions in Search Bar.
